Add communication_period and impact_period (#546)
google/transit: gtfs-realtime/spec/en/reference.md

| _**Field Name**_ | _**Type**_ | _**Required**_ | _**Cardinality**_ | _**Description**_ |
|------------------|------------|----------------|-------------------|-------------------|
| **active_period** | [TimeRange](#message-timerange) | Conditionally Forbidden | Many | Time when the alert should be shown to the user. If missing, the alert will be shown as long as it appears in the feed. If multiple ranges are given, the alert will be shown during all of them. <br><br> - **Forbidden** if communication_period and impact_period exist |

> | **communication_period** | [TimeRange](#message-timerange) | Conditionally Required | Many | Time when the alert should be shown to the user strictly for informative reasons. If missing, the alert will be shown as long as it appears in the feed. If multiple ranges are given, the alert will be shown during all of them. <br><br> - **Required** If impact_period is specified.<br> - **Forbidden** otherwise.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **communication_period** | [TimeRange](#message-timerange) | Conditionally Forbidden | Many | Time when the alert should be shown to the user strictly for informative reasons. If missing, the consuming application can decide when it's appropriate to be shown. If multiple ranges are given, the alert will be shown during all of them. <br><br> - **Optional** If impact_period is specified.<br> - **Forbidden** otherwise.|
```

> | **impact_period** | [TimeRange](#message-timerange) | Conditionally Required | Many | Time when the services are affected by the disruption mentioned in the alert. <br><br> - **Required** If communication_period is specified.<br> - **Forbidden** otherwise.|

Reviewer 2: I'd remove the word "disruption" since alerts come in a lot of different flavors...

>Time when the services are affected by this alert.
